Let go of me!
Are you all right?
Mr. Gu, I'm fine
What about these two people?
Those who dare to take action in our company
Mr. Gu just said
The other party will not micro until they see my video.
There should be a black hand behind the blog
Short head grows
Take you to the hospital
It's okay, I'm really not hurt
Mr. Gu asked the security to take the two of them down first
Have a good trial
The police station has already called the police.
I believe that the mastermind behind the scenes will be rescued soon and taken away
Mr. Gu can work under you
It's my luck
Are you still flattering me?
I always tell the truth
Never flatter
I have been with Mr. Gu for many years
It's the first time I've seen him smile at a woman like this
I'm afraid it's not moved
So, our President Gu is very protective of calves
Never let the people around you be bullied
You can rest assured and wait for the result.
You're not going to drive yet?
I'll send you.
Mr. Gu, I can drive my own car. Get in the car